docs: document behaviour when things go wrong and redo k8s howto (#4842)
jina-ai/jina: docs/how-to/kubernetes.md

(kubernetes)=
# How to deploy Jina on Kubernetes

Jina natively supports deploying your Flow and Executors on Kubernetes.

A `Flow` is composed of `Executors` which run Python code
defined to operate on a `DocumentArray`. These Executors live in different runtimes depending on how you want to deploy
your Flow. 

> When deployed in Kubernetes, these Executors will run inside Kubernetes Pods as containers and their lifetime will be handled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deployed in Kubernetes, these Executors will run inside Kubernetes Pods as containers and their lifetime will be orchestrated
```

    .add(name='encoder', uses='jinahub+docker://CLIPEncoder', replicas=2)
    .add(
        name='indexer',

>         uses='jinahub+docker://PQLiteIndexer',

Reviewer: ANNLite is the new name, so keep ANNLite

NAME                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
encoder-8b5575cb9-bh2x8           1/1     Running   0          60m
encoder-8b5575cb9-gx78g           1/1     Running   0          60m
gateway-7df8765bd9-xf5tf          1/1     Running   0          60m
indexer-0-8f676fc9d-4fh52         1/1     Running   0          60m
indexer-1-55b6cc9dd8-gtpf6        1/1     Running   0          60m
indexer-head-6fcc679d95-8mrm6     1/1     Running   0          60m
```

Note that the Jina gateway was deployed with name `gateway-7df8765bd9-xf5tf`.

Once we see that all the Deployments in the Flow are ready, we can start indexing documents.

> We need first to forward the Kubernetes services to your local machine by doing

Author: ```suggestion
First, you need to forward the Kubernetes services to your local machine by doing
```

```bash 
kubectl port-forward svc/gateway 8080:8080
```

> Now we can define a client to connect to our Flow running in Kubernetes:

Author: ```suggestion
Now you can define a Client to connect to your Flow running in Kubernetes:
```

```python
from jina.clients import Client

client = Client(host='http://localhost:8080')
```

> Then let's index the set of images we want to search:

Author: ```suggestion
Then you can index the set of images that you want to search:
```

```python
from docarray import DocumentArray

da = DocumentArray.pull('demo-da-images-jina', show_progress=True)

da_query = da[0:1]  # one document for query
da_index = da[1:]  # the rest is for indexing

indexed_docs = client.index(inputs=da_index)
print(f'Indexed Documents: {len(indexed_docs)}')
```

```shell
Indexed Documents: 99
```

We indexer 99 Documents !

> Then let's search for the closest image to our query image:

Author: ```suggestion
Then, search for the closest image to our query image:
```

NAME                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
encoder-8b5575cb9-bh2x8           1/1     Running   0          60m
encoder-8b5575cb9-gx78g           1/1     Running   0          60m

> encoder-head-55bbb477ff-p2bmk     1/1     Running   0          60m

Reviewer: we should rerun this to show new message without `encoder-head`
